the first time I met you you had asked for a job at five below, coming in often and expressing your intrest. you had just moved to the area and needed a job. Out of the kindness of my heart I suggested you to jackie. You begain dating one of the manager, until you broke up with him and set your sights on me. I decided to give you a chance, only for you for in the span of a month to begin to mistreat me at work to the point where I had to end it. I introduced you to my friends who made the effort to house you in a difficult circumstance and left without paying the final two months of rent. You would later promise to pay back the family who showed you kindness at your worst moments. You have yet to repay that debt. Years later I reached out, thinking perhaps you changed maybe something. I started seeing you again, we started telling each other secretes, spending time; yet you lied about everything. Why your family was upset with you the rules you were breaking, once again taking advantage of my kidness, Saying you were too busy to provide me with the same empathy I would provide to you. Once again I saw you were truly struggling. I thought perhaps tough times and the years may have given you more compassion. You had spoken to me in dirty ways and once again I was giving you my shoulder to cry on. You began to tell me about your financial struggles. I told you that I would lend you the money and you agreed to see me. Pestering me at work, seeing your friend almost 2 hours away celebrating. When I told you that I would have to give it to you cash, you suddenly left and began to head my way. but the moment I told you I can send it to you electroniclly, you "forgot" that you were going to see me dispite stating you would less then an hour before. I was fine not seeing you, I was not fine that once again you had taken advantage of my kindness. I could have not been the only one. any relationship is built on trust, yet everytime anyone gives you that trust you have managed to spoil it. I thought that perhaps maybe it is only me, but then I started asking your mom, old coworkers your old friends. This is a consistant behavior of you manipulating people and lying. Getting the better of them. When you would steal money at work I would vouch for you and say no of course Caryn would never steal. Until you were caught on camera, after it happened for over two months. and yet STILL I decided to give you the benifit of the doubt. After telling me that 